##### (Note: See Problem Statement 6 first; they just asked to explain in few words, instead of program)

### My original answer:
***
> This is not a binary tree, so we can't just use inorder traversal results to compare.
> 
> Instead, we're maintaining the list of all children of a node..
> 
> So, we should check if each corresponding levels of the 2 trees level by level..
> 
> We compare the children of all nodes in each level to check if they are somewhere equal..
We could use HashSet to check if a node in a tree is present in the other..
(Put into Set for first tree's node's children (names of employee) and check if all the  node's children in the other tree are present in Set; if not, it implies trees are not identical)
> 
> This idea can be recursively implemented, starting from bottom-most level to the first level of the 2 trees to be compared..
> 
> Sorry, but I don't know if there's any standard CS algorithm that can be used to solve this problem.
> 
> I am very eager to know if any :)
___

### Conversation with ReliScore's CTO Navin

#### Navin:
***
> Writing this mail to you because you said:
> 
> > Sorry, but I don't know if there's any standard CS algorithm 
> > that can be used to solve this problem.
> >
> > I am very eager to know if any :)
> 
> Your answer was not really correct, because you did not realize 
that the children of any tree node are unordered. So for matching 
two nodes, you need to try all possible orderings of the children.
> 
> This is called the tree isomorphism problem (which is a subset of 
graph isomorphism). You'll find lots of literature on it.
___

#### Me:
***
> Hi..
> Thanks for your reply..
> 
> Quoting this:
> > "Your answer was not really correct, because you did not realize that the children of any tree node are unordered. So for matching two nodes, you need to try all possible orderings of the children."
> 
> 
> Yes, the children of any node are unordered.. 
That's why I recommended to use a HashMap to store each child's string values (names) and node references for each tree, and compare them..
> 
> Here's a simple java-like **pseudo code**:
> ```
> boolean checkIfTreesAreIsomorphic(Tree t1, Tree t2) {
> 	if(t1==null&&t2==null) return true;
> 	else if(t1==null || t2==null) return false;
> 	if(t1.root.name != t2.root.name): return false;
> 	return checkIfNodesAreIsomorphic(t1.root, t2.root);
> }
> 
> boolean checkIfNodesAreIsomorphic(TreeNode t1, TreeNode t2)  {
> 
> 	HashMap<String, TreeNode> hash_t1, hash_t2;
> 
> 	for(all immediate children 'c' of t1):
> 		hash_t1.put(c.name, c);
> 
> 	for(all immediate children 'c' of t2):
>		if(hash_t1 not contains key 'c.name' ):    return false;
> 		else: hash_t2.put(c.name, c)
> 
> 	if( size(hash_t1) != size(hash_t2) ): return false;
> 
> 	boolean status;
> 	for(all keys 'name' in hash_t1):
> 		status = checkIfNodesAreIsomorphic(hash_t1.get(name), hash_t2.get(name));
> 		if(status == false): return false;
> 
> 	return true;
> 
> }
> ```
> But yes, I made a little mistake saying that we need to proceed from the bottom-most level..
> I was wrong; we need to proceed from the root of both the trees..
> 
> Thanks for your time again :)
___

#### Navin:
***
> Oh... that's even more wrong.
> 
> You just want to check whether two trees have similar org charts - 
> you don't want to check whether they have the same employee names.
> You're not checking to see if they're identical companies.
> 
> In other words, you can't use names for the comparison.
___


#### My Inner Voice:
Oops, it seems I misunderstood the question :wink:<br>
What I did was checking if two trees are same companies, but I was supposed to just check if two given companies have the same org-tree structure.<br>

BTW, here's the answer to the question: **[Tree Isomorphism Algorithms](http://wwwmayr.in.tum.de/konferenzen/Jass03/presentations/eterevsky.pdf)**